[AFS] Describe preemptions in KEP (#5817)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: keps/4136-admission-fair-sharing/README.md

fair sharing preemption may be executed. So admission-based fair sharing only reshuffles workloads
within AdmissionScope and then other mechanisms are applied as usual.

> * When picking the candidates for preemption, with AdmissionScope equal ClusterQueue, Kueue orders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Since Kueue v0.13, when picking the candidates for preemption, with AdmissionScope equal ClusterQueue, Kueue orders
```

fair sharing preemption may be executed. So admission-based fair sharing only reshuffles workloads
within AdmissionScope and then other mechanisms are applied as usual.

> * When picking the candidates for preemption, within an AdmissionScope Kueue will not
> only order the workloads based on the priority and timestamp but also Workload's AdmissionScope resource usage. It only impacts
> the decision within the AdmissionScope itself, meaning for Preemption-based fair sharing/Hierarchical Cohorts picking the CQ/Cohort
> will remain the first step and won't be change in any way. Then instead of relying on priority, AdmissionScope's resource usage will be more important.
> Workloads from different AdmissionScopes won't be compared against each other in this dimension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When picking the candidates for preemption, with AdmissionScope equal ClusterQueue, Kueue orders
workloads based on the LocalQueue resource usage when considering workloads within the same ClusterQueue. 
Workloads from different ClusterQueues are not compared against each other using the resource usage dimension.
```
To make it a bit more focused on AdmissionScope=ClusterQueue. It is not clear to me this will work the same for Cohort AdmissionScope, and is not being implemented currently anyway AFAIK.

The suggestion also makes it a bit less verbose. Let me know if nothing of importance is lost.
